Microsoft Entra ID name update (#560)
Azure/avdaccelerator: workload/terraform/greenfield/AADDSscenario/readme.md

This guide is designed to help you get started with deploying a greenfield Azure Virtual Desktop using the provided Terraform template(s) within this repository. Before you deploy, it is recommended to review the template(s) to understand the resources that will be deployed and the associated costs.

This accelerator is to be used as starter kit and you can expand its functionality by developing your own deployments. This scenario deploys a new Azure Virtual Desktop workload with Microsoft Entra ID joined session host using a custom image, so it cannot be used to maintain, modify or add resources to an existing or already deployed Azure Virtual Desktop workload from this accelerator.

> ***Note*** This terraform accelerator requires the Custom Image Build before deploying the Baseline. If you prefer to use the marketplace image with no customization [see](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/terraform/create-avd-session-host)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***Note*** This Terraform accelerator requires the custom image build before deploying the baseline. If you prefer to use the marketplace image with no customization, see [Configure Azure Virtual Desktop session hosts using Terraform](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/terraform/create-avd-session-host).
```
